tiup: refine description about `tiup playground --tag` (#19669)
pingcap/docs: quick-start-with-tidb.md

3. Start the cluster in the current session:

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > - For the playground operated in the following way, after the test deployment is finished, TiUP will clean up the original cluster data. You will get a new cluster after re-running the command.
>     > - If you want the data to be persisted on storage, run `tiup playground --tag ${tag_name}`. For details, refer to [Specify a tag when starting the TiDB cluster to store the data](/tiup/tiup-playground.md#specify-a-tag-when-starting-the-tidb-cluster-to-store-the-data).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > For the playground operated in the following way, after the deployment and testing are finished, TiUP will automatically clean up the cluster data. You will get a new cluster after re-running the command. If you want to persist data on storage, then add the `--tag` flag when you start the cluster: `tiup playground --tag ${tag_name}`. For details, see [Specify a tag when starting the TiDB cluster to store the data](/tiup/tiup-playground.md#specify-a-tag-when-starting-the-tidb-cluster-to-store-the-data).
```

>     > - If you want the data to be persisted on storage, run `tiup --tag <your-tag> playground ...`. For details, refer to [Specify a tag when starting the TiDB cluster to store the data](/tiup/tiup-playground.md#specify-a-tag-when-starting-the-tidb-cluster-to-store-the-data).

Author: ```suggestion
    > - If you want the data to be persisted on storage, run `tiup playground --tag ${tag_name}`. For details, refer to [Specify a tag when starting the TiDB cluster to store the data](/tiup/tiup-playground.md#specify-a-tag-when-starting-the-tidb-cluster-to-store-the-data).
```

3. Start the cluster in the current session:

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > - For the playground operated in the following way, after the test deployment is finished, TiUP will clean up the original cluster data. You will get a new cluster after re-running the command.
>     > - If you want the data to be persisted on storage, run `tiup playground --tag ${tag_name}`. For details, refer to [Specify a tag when starting the TiDB cluster to store the data](/tiup/tiup-playground.md#specify-a-tag-when-starting-the-tidb-cluster-to-store-the-data).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > For the playground operated in the following way, after the deployment and testing are finished, TiUP will automatically clean up the cluster data. You will get a new cluster after re-running the command. If you want to persist data on storage, then add the `--tag` flag when starting the cluster: `tiup playground --tag ${tag_name}`. For details, see [Specify a tag when starting the TiDB cluster to store the data](/tiup/tiup-playground.md#specify-a-tag-when-starting-the-tidb-cluster-to-store-the-data).
```

>     > - If you want the data to be persisted on storage, run `tiup --tag <your-tag> playground ...`. For details, refer to [Specify a tag when starting the TiDB cluster to store the data](/tiup/tiup-playground.md#specify-a-tag-when-starting-the-tidb-cluster-to-store-the-data).

Author: ```suggestion
    > - If you want the data to be persisted on storage, run `tiup playground --tag ${tag_name}`. For details, refer to [Specify a tag when starting the TiDB cluster to store the data](/tiup/tiup-playground.md#specify-a-tag-when-starting-the-tidb-cluster-to-store-the-data).
```
